Programming Assignment 1

Functions, arrays of structures, arrays, file input, file output, console output, output formatting, 
header file

Program description:
1. Using a function, read student exam data from testdata.txt (provided) and compute the 
score and letter grade.  Call the function from main.  Declare the prototype in the header 
file.  Code the function header and body after main.
The input file contains the grade key as the first row of data consisting of true and false 
answers, i.e., T and F:
TTFTFTTTFTFTFFTTFTTF
The remaining data in the file contains a student’s first name, last name and answer to 
the test.  For example the second row of the file contains:
Trent Watt T FTFTFTTTFTTFTTF TF
Read the first row into a variable, type of your choice, as the key to the correct answers.  
Output the key data to the console (cout).
Read the remaining file data and compute the score by comparing the student answers 
to the grade key.  Each correct answer is 5 points.  A space in the student answer set 
indicates the student did not answer the question.  Read until end of file.
2. Create a structure to contain the information for each student:
First Name
Last Name
Test Answers
Numerical Score
Letter Grade
3. Declare the structure in the header file.
4. Declare an array variable of the structure in main as size 30.
5. Using a function, open the input file (testdata.txt) and an output file. Request the names 
of both files from the user.  The output file may be a name of your choice.  Call the 
function from main.  Declare the prototype in the header file.  Code the function header 
and body after main.
Check the status of the file open functions.  If the file does not open, display a message 
and exit the program.
6. Using a function, read and store the test data (except first row) into the structure array.  
Read until end of file.  Use a counter to count and track how many rows.  Pass the 
counter into the function to output a report of grades (do not use a global variable).   
Declare the prototype in the header file.  Code the function header and body after main.
7. Calculate the score for each student while reading the data by comparing the student 
answers to the grade key and then store the score in the structure. 
The test has 20 questions.  Each correct answer is awarded five (5) points, each wrong 
answer or unanswered question gets zero (0) points. 
8. Using a function, look up the letter grade based on the score.  Store the letter grade in 
the structure.  Call the function from the read function.  Declare the prototype in the 
header file.  Code the function header and body after main.
Assume the following grade scale: 
A:  90%-100% 
B: 80%-89.99%
C: 70%-79.99%
D: 60%-69.99%
F: 0-59:99%
9. Using a function, output the student data to the console (cout) and to an output data 
file including the following information:
                        <A title of your choosing>
    Name           Score       Letter Grade   Student Answers
Ensure each line of data is neat and readable.  All score values must have two decimal 
places.  Use manipulators such as setw, right and left to aid in neatess and readability..
Call the function from main.  Declare the prototype in the header file.  Code the function 
header and body after main.
10. Using a function, close all files prior to program end.  Call the function from main.  
Declare the prototype in the header file.  Code the function header and body after main.
11. Include basic comments and each function must have required documentation (pre and 
post conditions).
Basic Comments:
Program Name:  (name of program file)
Author:  (your name)
Brief explanation of program purpose
Pre/Post conditions:
//Precondition:  what must be true about any parameters prior to function call.  There may be 
no preconditions
//Postconditions:  what is true after function is complete
See pre/post condition comment example in provided example program Documentation.cpp 
in Programming Assignment 1 link.
Test and evaluate calculations for accuracy.  Points will be taken for inaccurate 
calculations, improper formatting, directions not followed.
Turn in file code *.cpp; README file; header file *.h , input file and output file.  You DO NOT 
need to submit the executable (*.exe).  You MAY zip all the files and submit if you choose.  You 
MUST include all the files indicated or points will be deducted.
README must contain instructions for location of input/output files.  See example contents in 
provided document readme.txt in Programming Assignment 1 link.
Points WILL BE taken if MINIMUM requirements and submissions not included.
1 point extra credit will be awarded if assignment is zipped for submission
Each solution is to be uniquely your own; minimal student collaboration allowed.
See Canvas and Syllabus for due date