This lab will exercise your understanding of some of the concepts covered in Chapter 12:  
  virtual functions (think about compile-time and run-time binding)
  
1.  We will be treating the PersonType object as a base class that may be inherited
    by multiple objects.  We will treat the personType getAddress and setAddress as pure virtual
    because we wish to have all inherited objects to code these functions but
    do not need them in the base class.  Using the code for person type provided in 
    program examples do the following:

a.  Make the following function a pure virtual function:

    print .  This function must remain const.
    
b.  Create the following functions as pure virtual functions:

    getAddress
    
    setAddress
    
2.  For the purpose of this lab, we will create only one inherited Class:  StudentType.  Create the
    class, inherited as public from Persontype with the following properties:
    
a.  Private data members:

    major
    
    id
    
    gpa
    
    address (just one string address)
    
b.  Create the proper public functions to properly access and set private data members.  Create
    a default constructor and an overloaded constructor to set ALL data member values.

c.  Overload the proper functions to retrieve, set, and process data members of the base class

d.  Create two studentType objects:  

    One using the default constructor.  Set all private and inherited data members using functions.  
    
    One using the overloaded constructor, which sets all the private and inherited data members
    
e.  Print the following for the student objects:

    First Name
    
    Last Name
    
    Major
    
    Id
    
    GPA
    
    Address
    
    

Complete as much as you can before you leave ensuring what you've completed compiles.  These labs are 
entirely for your practice.

You DO NOT have to comment these programs, however, please include your NAME as a comment in ALL code files.

SUBMIT the code ( *.h and *.cpp) files and the project file (*.dev or *.cbp).   All files must be submitted 
and the program MUST compile and run to receive credit.  You must submit all files.  The project file does
not contain the code files.

You MAY zip the files and submit the zipped files.

Questions will be entertained; solution will be discussed in class. This is a collaborative effort to provide 
examples and practice for your understanding.